Add GeoBoundingBox filter (#84)
loupe-php/loupe: docs/searching.md

```

[Config]: configuration.md
[Restaurant_Fixture]: ./../tests/Functional/IndexData/restaurants.json

Additional to a query based on distance we can also search for locations inside a bounding box.
In this example we have 4 documents and 3 with geo coordinates (New York, London, Vienna).
We have a bounding context which goes from Dublin to Athen which so returns only London and Vienna.

Keep in mind that the order of the arguments is important.
The `_geoBoundingBox` expect `attributeName`, `north` (top), `east` (right), `south` (bottom), `west` (left).

> In this specific example top is Dublin Latitude, right is Athen Longitude, bottom is Athen Latitude and left is Dublin Longitude.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this specific example, `top` is the latitude of Dublin,`right` is the longitude of Athens,`bottom` is the latitude of Athens and`left` equals Dublin's longitude.
```

```php
$searchParameters = SearchParameters::create()
    ->withAttributesToRetrieve(['id', 'name', 'location'])
    ->withFilter('_geoBoundingBox(location, 53.3498, 23.7275, 37.9838, -6.2603)')
;
```

> This will result looks like this::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is going to be your result:
```
